The biggest poison in us is regret. (El mayor veneno en nosotros es el arrepentimento.)
I think there are a lot of people that have dreams (Hay muchas personas que tienen sueños)
and aspirations of things that they always wanted to do, (y las aspiraciones de las cosas que siempre querían hacer,)
but it wasn't the right time, where they didn't have enough money (Pero no fue el momento adecuado, donde no tenían dinero suficiente.)
or they didn't have enough experience. (O no tenían suficiente experiencia.)
It's never the right time. (Nunca es el momento adecuado.)
You're never going to have the right experience. (Nunca tendrás la experiencia correcta.)
And all of a sudden you wake up and you're 70. (Y de repente te despertas y tienes 70.)
And you're like, God, I wish I could have done it. (Y tú eres como Dios, espero que pudiera haberlo hecho.)
It's what you don't do that screws with you later on. (Es lo que usted no hace que grita con usted más tarde.)
I get one shot at this life. (Tengo un tiro en esta vida.)
This is it. (Eso es eso.)
And I don't want to go through life being the 80% version of me. (Y no quiero pasar por la vida siendo el 80% de mi versión.)
I don't want to look back and be like 77 and be like, (No quiero mirar atrás y ser como 77 y ser como,)
I didn't do that. (Yo no lo hice.)
There's so much I want to do and I love life so much. (Hay mucho que quiero hacer y amo la vida tanto.)
I don't want to miss it. (No quiero perderlo.)